bootstrap/README.md, before:

# Bootstrap Flux+Pulumi

This Pulumi program creates a GKE cluster for the whole thing to run
in. I've used Pulumi YAML here to show how simple it is -- but that
stops me doing everything in one program, so there's also ../infra,
which is written for NodeJS and does some things Pulumi YAML doesn't
support.

How to use this:

0. Install some prerequisites

You'll need a Google Cloud account, and to **enable GKE in your
project**. I clicked around in the Google Cloud console to achieve
this; I needed to add a billing account to the new project, and you
probably will too.

The program here assumes you are authenticated with Google
Cloud. [Installing the Google Cloud tool `gcloud`][gcloud-install]
will let you log in.

[gcloud-install]: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/downloads-interactive

1. Set up a stack:

```
pulumi stack select --create dev
```

2. Run the Pulumi program:

```
pulumi up
```

You can look around in the cluster with `kubectl`, by putting the new
cluster's kubeconfig in a local file:

```
pulumi stack output kubeconfig --show-secrets > kube.config
```

For the kubeconfig to work, you need to [install the Google Cloud auth
plugin][gcloud-auth-plugin]. Then you can do, e.g.,

```
export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/kube.config
kubectl get nodes
```

(If you re-run the stack and the cluster is recreated, you'll need to
fetch the kubeconfig again.)

[gcloud-auth-plugin]: https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/containers-kubernetes/kubectl-auth-changes-in-gke

Commit message:

Create a DB instance and service account key
The app needs a database, and a database needs a database instance (in
CloudSQL). These latter take ages to make, so do it during bootstrap.

We will need a Google Cloud service account with adequate permissions
for the operator to use, so create one of those too, and put the key
in an output so it can be made available in a secret.

Signed-off-by: Michael Bridgen <mikeb@squaremobius.net>

bootstrap/README.md, after:

# Bootstrap Flux+Pulumi

This Pulumi program creates a GKE cluster for the whole thing to run
in, and a CloudSQL instance to house the application database.

I've used Pulumi YAML here to show how simple it is -- but that
stops me doing everything in one program, so there's also ../infra,
which is written for NodeJS and does some things Pulumi YAML doesn't
support.

How to use this:

0. Install some prerequisites

You'll need a Google Cloud account and a fresh project, and to
**enable GKE and CloudSQL in your project**. I clicked around in the
Google Cloud console to achieve this; I needed to add a billing
account to the new project, and you probably will too.

The program here assumes you are authenticated with Google
Cloud. [Installing the Google Cloud tool `gcloud`][gcloud-install]
will let you log in.

[gcloud-install]: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/downloads-interactive

1. Set up a stack:

```
pulumi stack select --create dev
```

2. Run the Pulumi program:

```
pulumi up
```

You can look around in the cluster with `kubectl`, by putting the new
cluster's kubeconfig in a local file:

```
pulumi stack output kubeconfig --show-secrets > kube.config
```

For the kubeconfig to work, you need to [install the Google Cloud auth
plugin][gcloud-auth-plugin]. Then you can do, e.g.,

```
export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/kube.config
kubectl get nodes
```

(If you re-run the stack and the cluster is recreated, you'll need to
fetch the kubeconfig again.)

[gcloud-auth-plugin]: https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/containers-kubernetes/kubectl-auth-changes-in-gke
