infra/README.md, before:

# Infrastructure for Flux+Pulumi

This sets up Flux to sync files from ../sync in the repository you
nominate, to the cluster created in the bootstrap stack. It assumes
you've run the Pulumi program in `../bootstrap`; specifically, it
expects to be able to reference
`{org}/flux-plus-pulumi-bootstrap/{stack}`, where `org` and `stack`
are the same as those you choose here.

To use this as a stack,

0. Install the program's dependencies:

```
npm install
```

The kubeconfig from the bootstrap stage refers to a special Google
Cloud authentication plugin. You can install it with the instructions
[here][gcloud-auth-plugin], if you didn't already.

1. Create a stack and set the config item `repo`, e.g.,

```
pulumi stack select --create dev
pulumi config set repo https://github.com/squaremo/flux-plus-pulumi
```

That particular git repo will work OK since it is public and you don't
need to write to it. But, if you want to experiment, you'll need to
fork it or use some other repo.

You can also set `branch` (default `"main"`) if you want to sync from
a different branch, and `targetPath` (default `"sync"`) if you use a
different directory for your YAMLs.

2. Run the stack:

```
pulumi up
```

This installs Flux, and creates a GitRepository and a Kustomization
that will sync from the repo you supplied in config.

[gcloud-auth-plugin]: https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/containers-kubernetes/kubectl-auth-changes-in-gke

Commit message:

Put Pulumi token and Google Cloud key in cluster
This creates some secrets which will be used by the operator to
connect to the Pulumi service, and to create things in Google Cloud.

Signed-off-by: Michael Bridgen <mikeb@squaremobius.net>

infra/README.md, after:

# Infrastructure for Flux+Pulumi

This sets up Flux to sync files from ../sync in the repository you
nominate, to the cluster created in the bootstrap stack. It assumes
you've run the Pulumi program in `../bootstrap`; specifically, it
expects to be able to reference
`{org}/flux-plus-pulumi-bootstrap/{stack}`, where `org` and `stack`
are the same as those you choose here.

To use this as a stack,

0. Create an access token in the Pulumi service, and assign it to the
   environment variable `PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN`.

This is used to create a secret in the Kubernetes cluster so that the
operator can connect to the Pulumi service too.

You can do this by clicking around in the Pulumi service (under your
account menu on the top right, there's "Personal access tokens"),
copying the token to the clipboard, then doing something equivalent to

```
export PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN=$(xclip -o)
```

1. Install the program's dependencies:

```
npm install
```

The kubeconfig from the bootstrap stage refers to a special Google
Cloud authentication plugin. You can install it with the instructions
[here][gcloud-auth-plugin], if you didn't already.

2. Create a stack and set the config items `repo` and `bootstrapOrg`,
   e.g.,

```
pulumi stack select --create dev
pulumi config set repo https://github.com/squaremo/flux-plus-pulumi
pulumi config set bootstrapOrg squaremo
```

That particular git repo will work OK since it is public and you don't
need to write to it. But, if you want to experiment, you'll need to
fork it or use some other repo.

You can also set `branch` (default `"main"`) if you want to sync from
a different branch, and `targetPath` (default `"sync"`) if you use a
different directory for your YAMLs.

The `bootstrapOrg` is the Pulumi org (or user) under which you ran the
bootstrap stack. This is used to reference outputs from that stack.

3. Run the stack:

```
pulumi up
```

This installs Flux, and creates a GitRepository and a Kustomization
that will sync from the repo you supplied in config. From this point,
you can add YAMLs to the git repo, and they will be enacted.

[gcloud-auth-plugin]: https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/containers-kubernetes/kubectl-auth-changes-in-gke
